README.md, before:

# Rust learnings

My Rust learnings cheatsheet. Currently WIP and will probably never gonna end.

## Summary (old, don't mind if there are broken or partial links)

1. [Cargo](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/cargo.md) (Cargo command with parameters) (MD)
2. [Tests](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/test.rs) (Tests - how to write)
3. [Types](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/types.rs)
4. [Functions / Variables](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/fonctions.rs) (Write functions and variables)
5. [Modules](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/module/mod.rs) (Writing module in sub-directory)
6. [Structures](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/structures.rs) (Structure, Tuple)
7. [References](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/pointers.rs) (Reference, Box, Pointer)
8. [Arrays](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/arrays.rs) (Array, Vector, Slice)
9. [Strings](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/strings.rs)
10. [Borrowing](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/borrow.rs) (Borrow / Owner)
11. Structures
      - [Impl](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/structures_impl.rs)
      - [Generic](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/structures_generic.rs)
      - [References](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/structures_references.rs)
12. [Predefined Traits](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/trait_predefined.rs)
13. [Enum](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/enumerations.rs)
14. [Pattern matching](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/motifs.rs) (Motifs)
15. [Traits](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/traits/mod.rs) (2 methods)
16. [Operator overload](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/trait_operator_overload.rs) (bond with 12. Predefined Traits)
17. [Char / String](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/char_string.rs) (Char / String (String & str))
18. [Vector](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/vectors.rs) (Detailed vectors)
19. [Collections](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/collections.rs)
20. [Closures](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/closures.rs)
21. [Threads](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/threads.rs)
22. [Trait Object](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/trait_object_dyn.rs)
23. [Unsafe](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/unsafe_code.rs)

## New summary

1. [Cargo](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/cargo.md) (Cargo command with parameters) (MD)
2. [Variables](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/variable.rs)
3. [Types](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/types.rs)

[Current in doc](https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/book/ch03-03-how-functions-work.html)
- REFAIRE AUSSI L'ORDRE DANS MAIN.RS

## Clone and launch it

You can directly clone this repo and launch the project directly to test examples or what you want.

```
git clone https://github.com/skewnart/rust-learnings.git
cd rust-learnings

## Uncomment in main.rs your wanted module

cargo build
cargo run
```

Commit message:

feat: adding functions / control flow

README.md, after:

# Rust learnings

My Rust learnings cheatsheet. Currently WIP and will probably never gonna end.

## Summary (old, don't mind if there are broken or partial links)

1. [Cargo](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/cargo.md) (Cargo command with parameters) (MD)
2. [Tests](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/test.rs) (Tests - how to write)
3. [Types](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/types.rs)
4. [Functions / Variables](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/functions.rs) (Write functions and variables)
5. [Modules](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/module/mod.rs) (Writing module in sub-directory)
6. [Structures](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/structures.rs) (Structure, Tuple)
7. [References](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/pointers.rs) (Reference, Box, Pointer)
8. [Arrays](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/arrays.rs) (Array, Vector, Slice)
9. [Strings](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/strings.rs)
10. [Borrowing](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/borrow.rs) (Borrow / Owner)
11. Structures
      - [Impl](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/structures_impl.rs)
      - [Generic](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/structures_generic.rs)
      - [References](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/structures_references.rs)
12. [Predefined Traits](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/trait_predefined.rs)
13. [Enum](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/enumerations.rs)
14. [Pattern matching](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/motifs.rs) (Motifs)
15. [Traits](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/traits/mod.rs) (2 methods)
16. [Operator overload](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/trait_operator_overload.rs) (bond with 12. Predefined Traits)
17. [Char / String](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/char_string.rs) (Char / String (String & str))
18. [Vector](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/vectors.rs) (Detailed vectors)
19. [Collections](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/collections.rs)
20. [Closures](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/closures.rs)
21. [Threads](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/threads.rs)
22. [Trait Object](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/trait_object_dyn.rs)
23. [Unsafe](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/unsafe_code.rs)

## New summary

1. [Cargo](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/cargo.md) (Cargo command with parameters) (MD)
2. [Variables](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/variable.rs)
3. [Types](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/types.rs)
4. [Functions](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/functions.rs)
5. [Control Flow](https://github.com/Skewnart/rust-learnings/blob/main/src/controlflow.rs) (if, loop, while, for)

[Current in doc](https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/book/ch03-03-how-functions-work.html)
- REFAIRE AUSSI L'ORDRE DANS MAIN.RS

## Clone and launch it

You can directly clone this repo and launch the project directly to test examples or what you want.

```
git clone https://github.com/skewnart/rust-learnings.git
cd rust-learnings

## Uncomment in main.rs your wanted module

cargo build
cargo run
```
